♪
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[GARAGE DOOR OPENING]
♪
DYLAN: What the hell?
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[ENGINE REVS]
♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
♪
Who are you and what have you
done with Berto?
Oh, good, you're here.
Wait. Did you bring
something else to wear?
Why? Oh. Were we supposed
to dress like Inspector Gadget?
- [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS]
- Wh... Don't. What are you doing?
Eddie, we talked about this.
And you agreed, albeit grudgingly,
to take some photos
so we can update our website.
My website. Hey, look.
What you see is what you get.
Sorry she did this to you, Berto.
Okay. Yeah, you're not really a tie guy.
Your website is 10 years old.
That is ancient in tech years, okay?
And if we want to compete,
we have to upgrade our web presence,
including all of our press
and our greatest selling points, like me.
Okay, not arrogance, just fact.
Seriously, Sam.
Nobody looks at this stuff.
No, j...
Trust me.
Everyone looks at it.
I know you're a technophobe,
but I guarantee it'll be painless.
Okay. Now look. See?
I got us a URL.
Valetiklnvestigations.com.
I set it up on Wix.
All you have to do is pick a template,
you drop in the photos,
and then you add all the text.
Berto and Monica can generate it.
I could do a link to my personal website.
Oh, you have a website.
Uh, hello. TV star. Duh.
Of course I have a website.
DYLAN: Hello?
- [GASPS]
What?
Is that...?
Dylan.
My ex-fiancé.
What is he doing here?
- You want me to get rid of him?
- No. It's fine.
I-I-I...
I can do this.
[SIGHS]
Can I help you?
Yeah. I'm looking for Sam Swift.
Whom shall I say is asking?
Dylan Wesley.
Star of "Legend of Lost Idol,"
"Lost Idol 2," and "Lost Idol 3."
I know. I was playing it cool.
You'd think after they lost
the idol the first two times,
they'd be more careful with it...
Hey, Sam.
Dylan.
What the hell are you doing here?
We need to talk.
Talk?
No, no. See, you dumped me
on national TV.
So we don't "need to talk."
Yeah. Yeah, we do.
You too, Mr. Valetik.
Look, I know I'm the last person
in the world
you want to see right now. But...
something's happened.
- Have a seat there.
- Thanks.
If I was her, I'd punch him in the face.
- Why?
- How do you not know about this?
[ CROWD HECKLING ]
REPORTER: Samantha Smith! Dylan Wesley!
- Hello, lovebirds.
- Hi.
So when's the big day?
Haven't set a date yet, Garrett.
Well, brave of you
to show up here together
after those photos
that surfaced this morning.
What photos?
The photos of Dylan
and Elizabeth Wells behind the Troubadour
in West Hollywood last night.
Elizabeth Wells?
You said you were
in Palm Springs with the guys.
Sam, let's just go inside.
We can talk about this later.
No, no, no. We can talk about this now.
Let's just go inside and talk ab...
No. We can talk about it now, Dylan.
Okay, you know what?
I can't do this anymore.
Wh... Do what?
Us. I can't do us.
♪
Whoa. That's cold.
DYLAN: So, it happened last night.
Got home around midnight
after this charity thing.
My place had been ransacked.
Watches, electronics,
all of it had been stolen.
I was so freaked out I spent
the night at my manager's house.
Did you call the cops?
No. No, no, I didn't want
to get them involved.
The thieves took something you
didn't want the cops to know about.
- Drugs?
- No.
What, then?
Uh...
For God's sakes.
Why are you here?
There are literally
dozens of P.I.s you could go to.
Or is getting robbed your sick excuse
for showing back up in my life?
No. Sam, they took my laptop.
- So?
- So... there's something on it.
Something private.
Private?
As in...? That's just not possible.
Sam...
No, that's not possible
because you told me...
you deleted it!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Easy. Easy.
Okay. Okay. Easy there,
all right, Mayweather?
Look, Sam, I'm sorry. Okay?
I meant to delete it,
but I got busy and...
[SCOFFS]
- ...well...
I missed you. I'm gonna kill him, Eddie,
I'm gonna kill him.
I'm gonna kill him and hack up his body.
You can help me hack a body, right?
Yes. If it comes down to that.
I take it we're talking a sex tape.
That he was supposed to delete!
- Whoa. Hey.
- No, no, no.
Look, if that video gets out,
it'd be a PR disaster for me.
For you? What about me?
It will shred
what is left of my reputation.
Why do you think I'm here?
Eddie, we're talking the case.
We have to get it back.
Do you have a security system?
Yeah. Yeah, for some reason,
the alarm didn't trigger.
I caught the guy on camera,
but he's wearing a ski mask.
Well,
- what about outside cameras?
I didn't checked those.
Hang on.
[CELLPHONE BEEPING] Huh. That is weird.
Remote viewer says my system's offline.
When I got home, though,
there was a...
there was a car pulling away.
It was a blue sedan.
Well, did you get a license plate?
[SIGHS]
Well, look,
the security system should have
the video backed up locally.
It's usually on SD cards.
I'll need to check them
and take a look at the crime scene.
Right. What are we waiting for?
Let's go!
[GRUNTS]
- Oh. Hey!
♪
Can't you drive any faster?
Not without breaking the law.
Don't you have, like,
a siren or something?
Just tell me it's gonna be okay.
Oh, my God, it's not gonna be okay.
It's gonna get out
and everyone is going to see it.
Me. Naked...
from all the worst angles.
I-I-I don't think I can recover
from another hit like this.
People say that they're
not going to watch it,
but they are going to watch it.
Over and over and over.
My parents, they're not gonna watch it,
but their friends will.
My sister, she definitely will.
And Mr. Martinez.
Who's Mr. Martinez?
My fifth-grade teacher
who said I wouldn't amount to anything.
You know he's gonna watch it.
Oh, and, Eddie...
We tried things.
N... Just...
It's gonna ruin me as an actress.
Oh, my God. No one's gonna
take me seriously again.
Oh, God. I think I need a drink.
You do not need a drink.
You need to breathe.
How 'bout that?
Take a breath.
Okay? Breathe.
- [BREATHING DEEPLY]
- There you go.
Nothing has happened yet. Right?
We're gonna do everything we can
to get that video back.
- You swear?
- I swear.
And then we'll kill your ex
and bury the body. Okay?
Okay.
EDDIE: This is where the car
took off from?
Yeah.
And what was this thing
you were at last night?
It was a planning session for my charity.
Global Empowerment.
I'm shooting a PSA and hosting
their gala this week.
Since when did you care
about other people?
Since I shot "The Lost Idol 3" in Africa
and saw what poverty really looked like.
You didn't care about charities
when we were together.
Well, you weren't a P.I.
Apparently, people change.
Oh, please. You just want to look good.
Appease all the Internet trolls
who hate you for dumping me.
You really think I'm that shallow?
- Yep.
- All right.
Dylan, who knew
that you were out last night?
Uh... everybody on Instagram,
my Twitter follows, Facebook Live.
Oh, so it's not about you wanting
to make yourself look like a good person?
Ah, ah.
Okay, I'm sorry. I know.
I'm getting emotional,
and it's not helping.
At least you stopped hitting him.
- So what's the plan?
- We'll check the footage
and see if we can ID this guy.
And if we can't?
He took electronics, watches,
all things that are easy to move.
We'll call my pawn-shop connections.
We'll have them keep an eye out.
If he's a common thief,
chances are
he won't even know what he has.
He'll just erase the laptop's drive
and then pawn it.
If you're trying to make me feel better,
it's working.
Eddie.
Tinfoil over the sensor.
That's why the alarm didn't go off.
We used the same trick
in the season six finale.
Oh, God.
Wait, that means that the thief
might not be common. It could be a fan.
That means he's definitely gonna
look through the laptop...
Your show didn't invent that trick.
Don't spin out.
♪
What?
The last time I was here,
we were engaged.
I thought the last time you were here,
you snuck in and you set his bed on fire?
Either way, lots of memories.
Where's the control box for the cameras?
BOTH: Utility closet, down the hall.
Dylan, I'm gonna need an inventory
of all the things that are missing.
- Think you can do that?
- Yeah. Sure.
Have you ever looked at an old flame
and wondered,
"What the hell was I thinking"?
I always knew what I was thinking.
You know, it's like you love someone,
but then, all of a sudden,
a switch flips,
and you can't even look at them anymore.
Yeah, well, the heart's
like a funhouse mirror,
it distorts things.
Did you read that on a fortune cookie?
No. Snapple cap.
♪
- Huh.
- "Huh," what?
The SD cards are missing.
Well, no wonder Dylan
couldn't access the system.
Besides the fact that he's an idiot.
No, except he did access the system.
Hey, that screen shot that you showed us
of the masked robber,
when did you take that?
Uh... probably around 1:00 a.m.,
after I calmed down enough
to check the footage.
And the system
was working then, no issues?
No. No, why?
Because somebody came back later
and stole the memory cards
from the system.
All the surveillance is gone.
Why would they do that?
Well, they must've thought
the cameras caught something
that they didn't want you to see.
Are you sure nothing else was stolen?
No. Not that I can think of.
- No, why?
- 'Cause something's not right.
The tinfoil, the ski mask,
that's all low-rent smash and grab,
but to risk coming back later?
To take the time to find
your security box,
to unscrew it, to remove the SD cards,
and then put the cover back on?
That's completely different M.O.
So what are you saying?
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
Ope. Hold on.
Phone's blowing up.
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
Mine too.
It's a breaking-news link
from Garrett Stevens
at Tabloid Junky.
GARRETT: You want hot gossip?
This one is muy caliente.
We've got rumors
that a salacious sex tape
from two Tabloid Junky faves
is about to drop.
Oh, God, please, God, no.
One a sexy star fresh out of rehab.
The other her overrated
but A-list ex-fiancé.
Overrated?
- It's us.
- We don't know that.
Half the actresses in this town
are fresh out of rehab.
Rumor has it the couple shot the video
before their nuclear meltdown,
and it is a 10 out of 10
on the sexy tomato scale.
Oh, no. It's definitely us.
They have our sex tape.
Eddie, they're going to release it.
We have to do something.
I reached out to my contact
at Tabloid Junky.
There's good news and bad news.
Good news...
they don't have the video yet.
What's the bad news?
They're negotiating for it.
It's only a matter of hours.
Oh, God. I'm supposed to be shooting
a charity PSA in an hour.
They'll probably throw me off the board.
I gotta call my manager.
Brock's gonna kill me.
I gotta get in front of this.
Get in front of it?
You might as well jump in front of a bus.
I've got to call my parents
and warn them.
LostldolLegend?
- My guest WiFi.
- Seriously?
That movie paid for this house.
Wh... Hello?
If Dylan's guest WiFi network
automatically connected to our phones,
it might've connected
to the burglar's, too.
We still have a shot.
I'm gonna need your router.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
There it is. 11:49 p.m.
An unknown MAC address
queries Dylan's WiFi,
generating a request to join.
That's probably your thief.
What's a MAC address?
Anything that connects to the web
has a unique
media access control address.
It gets recorded every time a device
interacts with the Internet.
It's how the Internet knows
where to send your data.
But what most people don't know,
and what would creep them the hell out,
is that if someone knows
their MAC address,
and they're connected to the WiFi,
they can be traced.
And I thought you hated technology.
I do. That's why I hired him.
[CHUCKLES]
And boom.
He's somewhere in that building.
♪
There must be
a dozen apartments in there.
How do we know which one's our thief's?
Simple.
♪
Blue sedan.
It's a match.
Apartment 22.
Yes? Can I help you?
Uh, yeah, are you the owner
of a blue Camry downstairs?
Yes?
Where were you last night
around midnight?
Asleep.
Wait, you're that actress.
Samantha Swift.
My grandson loves you.
Your grandson?
Yeah. He's a real big fan.
What are you doing here?
Your grandson entered a sweepstakes
and won a surprise visit.
Is he here?
This is a joke, right?
Nope.
Huh.
Come in.
Zeke!
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
- What?
- You're never gonna believe who's here.
Sam Swift?
Yeah, that's right. And Ms. Swift
wanted to thank you privately
for being such a huge fan.
Dude, seriously?
What? It's not like I ever
expected you to be in my room.
Cut the crap, Zeke.
We know you hit
Dylan Wesley's house last night.
Where's the laptop?
I don't know what you're talking about.
- The hell you don't.
- Come on, kid.
Don't make us call the cops.
Call the cops. I've got nothing to hide.
And I have an airtight alibi
for last night.
We can place you at Dylan's house.
Your phone was connected to his Internet.
Not my phone.
Someone else's, I'm guessing.
Probably stolen.
- I don't leave tracks.
- Listen, you little punk...
What? Are you gonna hit me?
Then I'll call the cops.
Eddie.
The video. You saw it?
Oh, yeah.
And you are way more flexible
than you look.
That was a private moment.
And if that gets out,
it could really hurt me.
What if that was one of
your friends or your sister?
Look, you say that you're a fan.
A real fan would have
enough respect for me
to not let that get out into the world.
I am a real fan.
And I would never want to hurt you.
But this is business.
I'm not just gonna give away
the Golden Goose.
If you want it, you make an offer.
Fine.
What's the current bid
from Tabloid Junky?
- $25,000.
- Are you kidding? That's it?
I just thought I'd be worth
more than that.
We'll get you $30,000.
- Dylan's good for it, right?
- Yeah, he better be.
- $35,000.
- What?
You're right. You are worth more.
Feeling less insulted now?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Hi. I'm Dylan Wesley,
and I want to talk to you about
the Global Empowerment Charity.
What makes our organization special?
We don't help people.
We empower them, to take
control of their situation,
to master their resources,
and to build better lives...
Sam, what are you doing here?
Eddie, this is Dylan's manager, Brock.
Brock, I need to speak to Dylan.
Not right here.
If the board members see you...
If they see me, what?
Come on, Sam.
You know what you represent.
You're a scandal machine.
Plus, with that tape coming out...
Listen, if people see
the two of you together,
I can't do damage control.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You think this is her fault?
She's not the one who cheated
on her fiancée,
or dumped him
in front of the whole country.
She didn't keep
a potentially damaging sex tape.
But she did manage to find it,
so if you want to protect your client,
[LOUDLY] I suggest you get
his ass over here right now.
[NORMAL VOICE] Here he comes.
He's coming.
It's okay, it's okay.
All right, did you find it?
Yeah. And if you want it back,
it's gonna cost you.
$35k. Cash.
$35,000?
That's extortion.
The very definition.
Unless you'd rather just go to the police
and risk tarnishing
that precious good-boy image,
you're gonna pay.
This is the criminal mastermind
extorting me?
Maybe now you'll stop posting
where you at all the time,
like some dad on Foursquare.
If you tag yourself at
the Soho House, you get robbed.
Ah-ah, my watches too.
You guarantee there's no other copies?
Nope. Laptop's the only one.
Well, if you're lying, I'll be back.
And I won't be so kind.
My word is my bond, bro.
One more question.
You were wearing a ski mask.
Why'd you risk coming back
to get the SD cards?
SD cards? What are you talking about?
The memory cards
from the security system.
What would I need with those?
Thank you. You guys really saved my ass.
Yeah.
Something doesn't add up.
Know what doesn't add up?
You sitting there
with that friggin' laptop.
Will you just delete it?
- What? Now?
- Yes, now.
I want it gone. Erased. Destroyed.
Okay. Okay, fine.
[SIGHS]
[ WOMAN MOANING ]
Who is that?
That is not me? Those are not my moans.
Seriously? How many of those do you have?
That's it. Just give me the laptop.
- No, no, no.
- I'm gonna delete everything.
I...
- Hold on.
- Oh, my God!
Be careful!
Eddie, watch out!
Get out! Now!
MAN: Out of the car.
- EDDIE: Hey!
- Hey, get off
- Back up!
- Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Get back.
- Back up!
- Back up.
♪
I've had tons of guns pointed
at me in my movies.
You think I'd be more prepared
for the real thing.
The first time's the hardest.
[SIGHS] Must've been
that Zeke kid, right?
He sent his buddies out
to get the laptop back.
Yeah, you think that was Zeke?
Those guys were tactically trained,
slinging tactical weapons.
- What aren't you telling us?
- What do you mean?
No one is deploying
a strike team in broad daylight
to get a sex tape.
What's really on that laptop?
Nothing. Okay?
You know, the... the usual.
- Pictures. Music.
- Porn.
Oh, and what about that screenplay
you've been trying to write
for the past five years?
How's that coming by the way?
You hate me, I get it.
Think, Dylan.
Anything personal?
Career-ending dirt on someone?
Besides me?
No. There's nothing.
Well, what about a bank
or credit-card information?
Yeah, but after I was robbed,
I canceled my cards,
I had my business manager
change my account numbers.
Write down everything
that's on the computer.
And anyone you can think of who
might make a move on you like this.
Anyone with an axe to grind.
It could be anyone.
Like Internet trolls,
people who don't like my movies...
Sam.
Okay, just make the list, Dylan.
Don't you think we should report
your car stolen?
No, I want the cops out of this for now.
They leak like a sieve.
That video will get out.
And I'm sure the car will turn up.
You know, maybe this is
the universe telling you
you need a new vehicle.
The universe would never say that
because it knows how much
I love the vehicle that I have.
Hey, Dylan's laptop...
is there any way you can track that
like you did the phone?
Not if it's air-gapped.
But if the thieves connect it
to the Internet,
then I might be able to ping it.
On it.
♪
SAM: You forgot
the get-rich-quick scheme.
Remember that guy?
What was that for?
Like, a weight-loss app?
Yeah, "Fat-shamer."
But that was ages ago.
I mean, he wouldn't... Would he?
Well, as I remember, he took a
baseball bat to your windshield.
You know, there are a lot
more names than I expected.
I really was an ass.
Selfish.
For the record, I'm not that guy anymore.
Oh, no? Suddenly
you've snapped your fingers
and you've changed?
No. I pulled my head out of my ass.
You were right before.
About the Global Empowerment Charity.
I did get involved to buff up my image,
so that my biggest claim to fame
wouldn't be as the jackass
who dumped you on the red carpet.
Well, congratulations. It's working.
No, no, Sam.
Something crazy happened. I...
Working with these villages in Africa,
digging irrigation trenches
so that they could just grow their crops
to ship all over the world...
It was amazing.
But I felt ashamed.
At who I'd been.
For the first time,
I felt like I was doing something
that made a difference in people's lives.
That was pretty moving.
That may have been the
best acting you've ever done.
I'm not acting.
- Mm.
- Okay?
Says the guy who has
a collection of sex tapes
on his computer.
All old files.
That's who I was.
Not who I want to be.
Sam, there's something
I need to tell you.
Oh, God.
You're not dying, are you?
No. [CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
- No.
Uh...
I never said I was sorry.
And I am, for what I did.
What we had was great,
you were great,
and I screwed up royally.
Seeing you again made me
realize how much.
♪
[INHALES DEEPLY, EXHALES]
Well, that makes seven.
[LAUGHS] No, no.
[DYLAN AND SAM SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
♪
So, uh, what's the over/under
you think they'll kiss and make up?
Laptop?
[CELLPHONE VIBRATES]
Valetik.
All right. I'll be right there.
[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
Sam? They found the car.
We should go.
♪
Anything on Dylan's list jump out at you?
Nothing that warrants a military attack.
You were watching?
The whole office is made of glass.
He apologized to me.
You think he meant it?
I don't know.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
But for a second...
What?
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
It reminded me of when things were good.
♪
CHRISTINE: About time
you showed up, Valetik.
I was ready to have it towed.
Sam.
Chris? What are you doing here?
Just wondering
why uniforms found your SUV
sitting abandoned.
Well, I parked it.
The battery was acting up.
The battery?
So who wiped down the interior
with bleach?
That would be me.
Trying to get rid of that old-car smell.
So, you're his accomplice now?
- More like an associate.
- More like passenger.
Well, you'll be sure to let me know
if that battery acts up again.
I'd hate to see you two get stranded.
A ticket?
You said you parked it.
It's a no-parking zone.
Is that some kind of weird foreplay?
Shut up.
What are you looking for?
You know if they wiped everything down,
they would've got all of the evidence.
Not all of it.
I reset the odometer
when they attacked us.
Oh, looks like they traveled 2.8 miles.
You still use a paper map?
What?
Berto, I need you to trace
a couple routes for camera.
Is that a paper map?
I know. I'm a relic.
Now, the carjackers traveled 2.8 miles
from Point A, here, where they jacked us
to Point B, here,
where they ditched the car.
I didn't know they still made paper maps.
I found two possible routes
that would've gotten them
to Point B in 2.8 miles.
I need you to check those,
see if anyone had camera coverage.
Okay, yeah, but, uh...
- Where's Dylan?
- He said he was going home.
He gave me his list and left.
Eddie, can I talk to you in private?
Oh. Is this about Dylan's case?
Then Sam should know, too.
I found something.
- His laptop?
- It hasn't been online yet,
but I figured if we knew
what was on it, it might help.
So I contacted a buddy of mine
who works IT
at Dylan's Internet service provider.
He gave me access to his Internet history
and data traffic
for the past three months.
Every website that he's been on,
every password, every keystroke.
Know how illegal that is?
That's why you never heard it from me.
Okay, what did you find?
Transactions. A lot of them.
Cash getting moved
through offshore accounts.
And the bank that he's using,
Cayman Island Financial,
had criminal sanctions imposed
for money laundering.
Money laundering?
Wait, there must be some mistake.
What's the name on the account?
Cayman Financial customers aren't known
for using their real names.
But the two accounts that come up
are listed under "EVT Mercantile"
and "Ross J. Wilcox."
Ross Wilcox?
That's the alias Dylan uses
when he travels.
He was Ross. I was Rachel.
Cute. How much cash we talking?
The balance in the main account
is about 42 million.
42 million dollars?
That's worth sending a strike team for.
Dylan doesn't have that kind of money.
According to this, he does.
Dylan really has changed.
Now he's a criminal.
I laid out the website.
You want to see it or not?
Home page,
Bio/Employee page,
Client testimonial page,
- Contact page.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa,
go back to the Bio/Employee page.
- That's you.
- So?
I thought this was "totally part-time."
It is. But you clearly need me,
and I thought I brought
a... legitimacy to the operation.
- Can you animate this?
- Can I do it later?
I'm in the middle of IDing the driver
that carjacked Eddie's SUV.
Intriguing.
There were no security cameras
along the route that they took.
But there happened to be
an electronic repair shop
with an HD camera in the window.
You know the one
that catches people walking by?
Well, it caught Eddie's SUV,
and... bam,
there's our driver.
That could be anyone.
You can't ID him
if you can't see his face.
I thought that, too,
till I saw this... tattoo.
And I have access to the state
and federal tattoo databases.
It won't be in a database.
What?
Wait, how do you know?
See how red the skin is?
It's brand-new.
Luckily, there's another way.
- What other way?
- The tat is a Miguel Vendes original.
Who is Miguel Vendes?
An L.A. tattoo artist.
He specializes in skulls
and religious motifs.
I wear some of his ink.
Discreetly placed.
Um... Wait, so you know Vendes?
So you can talk to him
and find out whose arm this is?
See, you need me.
♪
Sam? What's up? What'd you find out?
You're a liar. You haven't
changed one flippin' bit.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, let's take this inside.
What are you talking about?
$42 million?
Listen, Sam, I swear that's not mine.
I don't have that kind of money.
The account belonged
to a Ross Wilcox, your alias.
What are you involved in, Dylan?
It's clearly something illegal.
Maybe there's a real Ross Wilcox.
Who executes transactions
from your laptop?
Someone must've hacked me.
Well, conveniently, the proof of that
is on the missing laptop.
How is that convenient?
Our sex video could still get out.
This was never about a sex tape.
Your laptop is the access key
to $42 million in illegal cash.
That's why you came to us.
Because you knew
how motivated Sam would be
to get that computer back.
Yeah, but you could've leave it
in our hands either,
so you hired the A-Team to jack us.
You think I hired those guys?
It's not a bad piece of theater
so you'd have plausible deniability.
So where's the laptop, Dylan?
I don't know. Okay?
Look, all I know about the Cayman Islands
is that's where the bad guys
in the movies hide their money.
Sam, I wasn't lying to you.
I swear.
I guess you're just gonna have
to tell that to the Feds.
They're gonna be very interested
in that unreported money.
No. No, you can't go to the cops.
Sam, please. That'll ruin me.
This will ruin everything
I'm trying to do.
Wait, I know, I'll hire you. Okay?
I'll hire both of you.
We can figure out who's...
[SIGHS]
Eddie, I'm full funhouse mirror here.
I want to believe him, but...
We should take the case.
You think he's telling the truth?
I think you deserve to know
for sure who he really is.
♪
Thank you for believing me.
First off, nobody said
that we believe you.
But we are gonna find out the truth.
And until then,
you're gonna stay right here.
Yeah, of course. Whatever you say.
Oh, and one more thing.
If you're lying, I will bury you.
Where are we with IDing the carjackers?
Monica came through on the tattoo.
The artist ID'ed our driver
as Omar Lopez.
Multiple convictions,
from drug possession to assault.
Oh, and get this,
Lopez worked as a tech advisor
on that gang movie Dylan did
a few years back.
Do you have an address?
I accessed his parole records.
He's at the Best-A-Way Motel. Room 104.
♪
I know how it looks, but...
I've had cases, as a cop and as a P.I.,
where people look 100% guilty
and they turn out not to be.
So maybe somebody did hack
into Dylan's computer.
Maybe his apology was...
It doesn't even matter if he's guilty.
What matters is that I allowed myself
to get sucked back into believing
he cared about anything
other than himself.
♪
Lopez isn't here.
The SD cards.
He stole them from Dylan's.
EVT Mercantile.
That was one of the names
on the offshore accounts.
It's a waybill for shipment.
Delivered to a bonded warehouse
in Long Beach yesterday.
Whatever Dylan's involved in,
this is definitely part of it.
♪
What's the waybill number again?
46329.
EVT Mercantile.
This is it. Hold this.
♪
Coffee beans?
Coffee beans can be used
to mask the scent of...
...heroin.
Eddie, he's innocent.
This proves that Dylan
can't be behind this.
How do you know this?
- DEA!
- Freeze! Hands above your head.
Oh, you kept me waiting.
I used you to do that
with my suspects, too.
- Good strategy.
- Sit down, Ms. Swift.
Establishing dominance.
Right out of the interrogators textbook.
[CLEARS THROAT]
This was just a huge misunderstanding.
There's no misunderstanding.
You were at a bonded warehouse
standing over 150 kilos of heroin.
Well, yeah,
it's not like it was my heroin.
Yet you were in possession
of its bill of lading.
We've been watching that crate for days.
Do you know what the penalty is
for trafficking that much smack?
20 years to life.
What, you think
I'm some kind of drug lord?
Or you work for one.
Look, you got it all wrong.
I'm a P.I.
Mr. Valetik and I are on a case.
Uh-huh. What case?
I don't discuss my clients,
but I don't work for drug dealers.
You're a P.I. A bottom feeder...
Left LAPD under a cloud,
don't have a lot of friends there.
Guys like you do anything for a buck.
Except talk to the Feds.
Then you'll serve federal time.
Tell me about EVT Mercantile.
I can't help you, pal.
Who's Ross Wilcox?
No idea.
BOWMAN: This code. What does it mean?
I don't know.
And Wilcox?
Don't be stupid.
We know he's behind this.
If you roll on him,
we might give you a deal.
DAILY: There's no deal to cut.
I have nothing to say.
Deal's off the table anyway.
We just found out
who Ross Wilcox really this.
Ross Wilcox, AKA Dylan Wesley.
Your ex-fiancé's travel alias.
Turns out you were helpful after all.
You still want to claim
that you're not involved?
I'd like to make my phone call.
Calling your lawyer like she is?
Bottom feeder like me?
I don't have a lawyer.
But I still have a few friends.
Make no mistake,
I'm taking down Dylan Wesley
and anyone else
who's part of his operation.
Do you know what this took?
I had to beg for a favor from my ex.
You're lucky
the deputy assistant director
was his fraternity brother.
I owe you one.
That's an understatement.
You could've waited this out, Eddie.
The DEA would've realized
you're not Pablo Escobar.
You know that.
What the hell's so urgent?
I'm sorry, Chris. I gotta go.
Thanks again.
[EXHALES SOFTLY]
Was it you, Eddie?
Did you tell them about Dylan?
No. Because you said he's innocent.
He is.
How can you be so sure?
We followed his trail to that crate.
Because when Dylan was 20,
he lost his little brother
to a heroin overdose.
He hates drugs, he never touches them.
Maybe that's why, when he dumped me,
I did so many of them.
But, Eddie, there's no way
he was involved in this.
It's only a matter of time
before the DEA figures out
he's my client.
[CELLPHONE BEEPING]
[CELLPHONE VIBRATES]
Eddie, where are you? I left you
all kinds of messages.
We got hung up.
Berto, I need you to take
the dog out for a walk.
No problem.
What is that, P.I. secret code?
Dylan. I think you need
to take that coffee to go.
What's happening?
We got to get out of here.
Come on.
♪
The DEA wants to arrest me
for being an international
heroin trafficker?
Well, the good news is
we know it's not true.
But they don't. I'm a fugitive.
Which is why you need to lay low
until we figure this out.
Now, who would have access to your laptop
who also has the means to move
contraband into the States?
I have no idea.
Wait, Dylan, didn't you say
that your charity
ships in goods from Africa?
Yeah, to support
the local communities there...
But they would never do
anything like this.
Besides, they've never been
near my laptop.
Does your charity have
a website or server
- that you've logged into?
- Of course.
That's how they could've gotten in
and accessed your laptop.
Well, if that's true,
how can you prove it?
Wait, the DEA agent
showed me numbers and letters
on a piece of paper...
Something she thought
was connected to Ross Wilcox,
but maybe it's connected to the charity.
- What numbers?
- Do you remember these numbers?
Um...
Z238...
9K85...
5K75.
Really? What the hell?
I used to memorize
nine pages of dialogue a day.
It's my superpower.
This sequence looks like some of
the other encrypted data streams
that we pulled
from your Internet history.
Really? Well, can you decode it?
If it uses the same encryption key
that we found in your data traffic.
It's a Cayman Island Financial account...
registered to...
to Shangri-La Paradise Limited.
Well, that's probably
just a shell company.
Set up to hide the owner's
identity, making it untraceable.
Maybe so, but I recognize that account.
This has nothing to do with the charity.
I know who's framing me.
Now that we know who set up Dylan,
what do we do about it?
- Call the DEA?
- Well, that's my vote.
If we call the DEA,
the laptop will be seized.
In the investigation, everything on it
will become part of public record.
It'll get out.
As much as I don't want it to get out,
if that's what it takes
to clear your name,
I'll live with it.
Look. I'm not gonna put you through that.
We don't have a choice.
Maybe we do.
♪
BROCK: What are you two doing here?
I was expecting Dylan.
He's out looking for new management.
I don't understand.
He knows, Brock.
About the drugs, the offshore accounts.
He recognized
Shangri-La Paradise Limited.
The account you set up to help him
buy his vacation home?
You used his access to the charity
to ship drugs into the country.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Sure you do. You met Omar Lopez
on Dylan's movie
and then tapped him
to handle distribution.
Then you ran wire-transfers
through Dylan's laptop
so all roads led back to him.
Which is why you freaked out
when you found out
it had been stolen.
You had Omar steal the SD card
so he could track down the thief
and get it back for you.
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
Is this a reality show?
Am I... Am I being punk'd?
Relax, Brock.
We're not here to take you down.
Dylan thinks it's best for everyone
if none of this got out,
so he's going to keep quiet.
All he wants is the laptop.
Is that it? Is that really the play here?
Just... you want me to admit it?
Confess that I have the laptop?
I don't.
And I have no idea
what you're talking about.
But if I were you, I'd let it go.
Otherwise, who knows?
The Dylan and Sam show
might end up on the Internet.
You two have a nice day.
Well, that went well.
Yeah, it did.
So, did anyone in his office see you?
Don't insult me, bro.
I'm a trained professional.
Of course you are.
♪
[LAUGHS]
[APPLAUSE]
You still look good in a tux.
Well, it's a lot better
than a prison jumper.
I just got your text. What's up?
I thought you should know,
the LAPD arrested Brock
trying to leave the country.
Thank you, Sam. You saved my life.
Don't make me regret it.
[CHUCKLES]
I do have one last thing to ask you.
Anything.
What's the password to your laptop?
I need to make sure
that video has been deleted.
March17.
Capital "M." All one word.
The day we met.
You think there might be
a way back for us?
Good luck, Dylan.
♪
[SIGHS]
GARRETT: Today, manager
to the stars Brock Cassidy
was taken into custody.
Apparently, Brock is suspect numero uno
in a scheme to embezzle money
from a prominent charity
to finance a drug-smuggling operation...
Thanks for throwing me the arrest.
Come on, least I could do
after you sprung us from DEA custody.
Mm-hmm.
When do I get the computer
with all the evidence on it?
You know, why don't
I personally deliver it
to your apartment later?
To ensure the proper chain of custody?
That's a long pause.
Eddie, I know what was on that laptop.
Who you were trying to protect.
Why you go to the lengths you do.
This thing we have works
because we care about each other
and we've always been honest.
Mm. It'll stay that way.
[CHUCKLES] How can you be honest with me,
when you're not even
being honest with yourself?
About what?
You are so good
at getting the big picture,
except when you're in it.
I was watching you with Sam today.
She brings out something in you,
a lightness I haven't seen
in a long time.
Chris, there's nothing going on
between Sam and me.
Maybe there should be.
All I'm saying is,
don't rule it out. Hmm?
♪
[SIGHS]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Hey.
Thank you for getting this.
I gotta get it back to the cops tonight.
So if you want to delete that thing...
Did you watch it?
Oh, yeah.
And I sent a copy to Mr. Martinez.
[LAUGHS]
I'm not that guy.
♪
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[ DYLAN LAUGHING ]
DYLAN: See that? The camera loves you.
Especially this part.
SAM: Oh, my God, shut up.
Oh, and... oh, this part.
Oh, this part. This is the ticklish part.
[ GIGGLING ] Stop, stop, stop, stop.
♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com